feat: React migration - Quality PR detail page, Quality commit detail page - ALA-643 ALA-739 (#1975)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories/commits.md

<!--quality-overview-start-->
## {{ page.meta.page_name.capitalize() }} quality overview {: id="quality-overview"}

<!-- vale off -->
![{{ page.meta.page_name.capitalize() }} quality overview](images/{{ page.meta.file_name }}-detail-quality-overview.png)
<!-- vale on -->

This area displays the code quality metrics and gate status for the {{ page.meta.page_name }}:

-   The analysis status is either **Up to quality standards** or **Not up to quality standards** depending on the [quality gate rules](../repositories-configure/adjusting-quality-gates.md) for your repository.

    If there are no gate rules enabled for {{ page.meta.page_name }}s, the status is always **Up to quality standards**.

-   The variation introduced by the {{ page.meta.page_name }} is displayed either as a **positive or negative variation**, {% if page.meta.page_name == "commit" %}or **no variation** (represented by `=`){% else %}**no variation** (represented by `=`), or **not applicable** (represented by `∅`){% endif %} for code quality metrics [with a gate set up](../repositories-configure/adjusting-quality-gates.md):

    -   **Issues:** Number of new issues
{% if page.meta.page_name == "commit" %}

>     -   **Duplication:** Changes in the number of duplicated code blocks

Author: Good catch. I tested again, and we do, in fact, show complexity and duplication like we did before. But I'm having some issues displaying complexity changes on [single commits](https://app.codacy.com/gh/troubleshoot-codacy/sample-programs-docs/commits?branch=feat%2Fdoc-updates), while the [associated PR](https://app.codacy.com/gh/troubleshoot-codacy/sample-programs-docs/pull-requests/2/issues) does show them (although I'm not confident the calculation is correct).

@alerizzo @joanasteodoro Not sure this is a frontend issue. Any calculations happening on the frontend that may cause discrepancies? Or are we just pulling data from the API here?

    -   **Green:** The metric passes the quality gate
    -   **Red:** The metric fails the quality gate

>     -   **Gray:** Coverage data is missing<!-- TODO ALA-643 Confirm this only applies to coverage -->

Author: Will we see greyed-out metrics only if coverage data is missing? Previously, it was "There aren't quality gate rules configured for the metric or the value doesn't impact the quality gate"

    !!! note

>         If you change the quality gate rules you must reanalyze the {{ page.meta.page_name }} to update the color of the metrics, except for coverage which updates immediately after you save your changes on the Quality Settings page.<!-- TODO ALA-643 Confirm this is still correct -->

Author: Does this note still make sense?

!!! note
    **If you're using GitHub** you may see [annotations](../repositories-configure/integrations/github-integration.md#issue-annotations)  for potential issues reported under **Unchanged files with check annotations** on the **Files changed** tab of your pull requests.

    This happens when Codacy reports potential issues in files that weren't changed in your pull request. [Read more about this GitHub feature](https://developer.github.com/changes/2019-09-06-more-check-annotations-shown-in-files-changed-tab/).

## Duplication tab {: id="duplication-tabs"}

The **Duplication** tab displays the lists of clones (duplicated code blocks) that the {{ page.meta.page_name }} adds or fixes. You can click a clone to expand it and inspect the code.

![Duplication tabs](./images/{{ page.meta.file_name }}-tab-duplication.png)

## Complexity tab

> The **Complexity** tab displays the complexity changes introduced by the {{ page.meta.page_name }}. Use the sidebar filters to filter the list by high increase, low increase, or improvement.

Author: @alerizzo Here, the complexity increase is high if >= 4? [This bit in spa](https://github.com/codacy/codacy-spa/blob/d2392fa2b7b9f9ad5ede7cb2d3b2f6621a9691d5/src/pages/repository/components/DeltaComplexity/DeltaComplexity.tsx#L41-L45) seems to suggest it.

![Complexity tab](./images/{{ page.meta.file_name }}-tab-complexity.png)

> <!-- TODO ALA-643 Confirm there's no coverage tab on commits -->

Author: We never show a coverage tab for single commits, correct?

    This happens when Codacy reports potential issues in files that weren't changed in your pull request. [Read more about this GitHub feature](https://developer.github.com/changes/2019-09-06-more-check-annotations-shown-in-files-changed-tab/).

## Duplication tab {: id="duplication-tabs"}

The **Duplication** tab displays the lists of clones (duplicated code blocks) that the {{ page.meta.page_name }} adds or fixes. You can click a clone to expand it and inspect the code.

![Duplication tabs](./images/{{ page.meta.file_name }}-tab-duplication.png)

## Complexity tab

The **Complexity** tab displays the complexity changes introduced by the {{ page.meta.page_name }}. Use the sidebar filters to filter the list by high increase, low increase, or improvement.

![Complexity tab](./images/{{ page.meta.file_name }}-tab-complexity.png)

{%
    include-markdown "../repositories-coverage/commits.md"
    start="<!--tab-diff-start-->"
    end="<!--tab-diff-end-->"

> %}

Author: Confirm this is fixed, see [thread](https://codacy.slack.com/archives/C04EJUDAL8J/p1710242162268419?thread_ts=1710173646.391709&cid=C04EJUDAL8J)

-   **Green**: New version of a changed line with added characters highlighted in bright green

> -   **Bright green**: New line

Reviewer: these, and the text before, is wrong

we changed how we show the diff; before this diff was showing just changes (no issues, no nothing) and it was using red, yellow, green and bright green to "show changes", but now we just use a split view, deletions and additions are shown with opacity and a blue line in the margin

Author: Thanks, good catch. Updating

> Additionally, lines with issues are highlighted according to issue severity and include a button to view more details and navigate to the issue.

Author: ```suggestion
Lines with issues are highlighted according to the issue severity. On these lines, hover over the pill label to view more details or navigate to the issue.
```

The **Files** tab displays the variation of the following [code quality metrics](../faq/code-analysis/which-metrics-does-codacy-calculate.md) that the {{ page.meta.page_name }} introduces to the files in your repository, displayed either as a **positive or negative variation**, or **no variation** (represented by `=`):

> -   **New issues:** Number of new or fixed issues<!-- TODO ALA-643 Confirm this correct and we also display fixed issues -->

Reviewer 2: just new issues i believe
